c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.dll
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.pdb
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.g.resources
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.dll
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.pdb
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\AmericanoPage.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\CappuccinoPage.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\EspressoPage.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\FlatWhitePage.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\LattePage.g.cs
c:\users\cian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MochaPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.dll
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.pdb
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.build.appxrecipe
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\AmericanoPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\CappuccinoPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\EspressoPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\FlatWhitePage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\LattePage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MochaPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.g.resources
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.dll
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.pdb
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.dll
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.pdb
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp.build.appxrecipe
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\Bin\Debug\KeithsApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\AmericanoPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\CappuccinoPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\EspressoPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\FlatWhitePage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\LattePage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MochaPage.g.cs
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.g.resources
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.dll
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\KeithsApp.pdb
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
\\psf\Home\Desktop\Everything\KeithsApp\KeithsApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
